LOD soft naming conventions document update (#2206)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/assets/scene-settings/meshes-tab.md

* Choose the {{< icon add.svg >}} **Add** button to add an LOD.

* Choose the {{< icon delete.svg >}} **Delete** button to remove an LOD.

* Choose the {{< icon browse-edit-select-files.svg >}} **Selection list** button to specify the meshes to include in the LOD.

You can also define your optimized mesh names following specific rules (soft naming convention) to automatically add a Level of Detail modifier and assign the meshes to the appropriate LOD slots. LODs are ordered from 0 (the *highest* level of detail) and then should be progressively *low* level of detail to meet the O3DE application needs.

For example, you may add `_lod0`, `_lod1`, `_lod2`, `_lod3`, `_lod4`, and `_lod5` as suffixes to your mesh names. `_lod0` is the base mesh with the highest resolution geometry, textures, and materials and is assigned to the base mesh group. `_lod1` is assigned to LOD slot **\[0\]**, `_lod2` is assigned to LOD slot **\[1\]**, and so on.

> The scene settings pipeline relies on the soft naming convention settings provided in [SoftNameSettings.setreg](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/SceneProcessing/Registry/SoftNameSettings.setreg) for rules to identify the LOD meshes. It allows various format of name suffixes including _LOD0, _LOD_0, Lod0, _Lod_0, _lod0, and _lod_0 (upper, lower, CamelCase, etc.). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The scene settings pipeline relies on the soft naming convention settings defined in [SoftNameSettings.setreg](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/SceneProcessing/Registry/SoftNameSettings.setreg) for rules to identify the LOD meshes. The rules allow for various formats of name suffixes, including _LOD0, _LOD_0, Lod0, _Lod_0, _lod0, and _lod_0 (upper, lower, CamelCase, etc.). 
```

> To override those default settings, please use the project user registry (`<project-root>/Registry`) or the global machine registry (typically found in the users home directory under `.o3de/Registry/`) instead of modifying [SoftNameSettings.setreg](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/SceneProcessing/Registry/SoftNameSettings.setreg) directly. Check [Settings Registry](https://www.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/settings/) for more information on providing settings and configurations for O3DE applications and tools. For example, you can add a new settings registry file like below under `<project-root>/Registry` to **exclude** children of the LOD0 nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override those default settings, please use the project user registry (`<project-root>/Registry`) or the global machine registry (typically found in the users home directory under `.o3de/Registry/`) instead of modifying [SoftNameSettings.setreg](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/SceneProcessing/Registry/SoftNameSettings.setreg) directly. Check [Settings Registry](/docs/user-guide/settings/) for more information on providing settings and configurations for O3DE applications and tools. For example, you can add a new settings registry file like below under `<project-root>/Registry` to **exclude** children of the LOD0 nodes:
```

```
{
    "O3DE": {
        "AssetProcessor": {
            "SceneBuilder": {
                "NodeSoftNameSettings": [
                    {
                        "pattern": {
                            "pattern": "^.*_[Ll][Oo][Dd]_?1(_optimized)?$",
                            "matcher": 2
                        },
                        "virtualType": "LODMesh1",
                        "includeChildren": false
                    },
                    ...
                },
                "FileSoftNameSettings": [
                    ...
                ]
            }
        }
    }
}

```

{{< note >}}

> You may add any number of soft naming convention settings by overriding the default settings registry, but each O3DE system has its own limit on the maximum LODs: [Atom renderer](https://deploy-preview-2206--o3deorg.netlify.app/docs/atom-guide/) supports up to 10 LODs while each actor can have up to [six](https://www.o3de.org/docs/user-guide/visualization/animation/using-actor-lods-optimize-game-performance/#using-actor-lods-in-o3de) LODs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may add any number of soft naming convention settings by overriding the default settings registry, but each O3DE system has its own limit on the maximum LODs: [Atom renderer](/docs/atom-guide/) supports up to 10 LODs while each actor can have up to [six](/docs/user-guide/visualization/animation/using-actor-lods-optimize-game-performance/#using-actor-lods-in-o3de) LODs.
```

* Choose the {{< icon browse-edit-select-files.svg >}} **Selection list** button to specify the meshes to include in the LOD.

{{< note >}}

> You can use soft name settings to automatically add a Level of Detail modifier and assign the meshes to the appropriate LOD slots. 

Reviewer 2: I would ensure that the term `soft name` is used elsewhere in the documentation ie does the user know what is meant by `soft name`?

Author: Rephrased it a little bit here to clarify soft naming conventions.

> For example, you may add `_lod0`, `_lod1`, `_lod2`, `_lod3`, `_lod4`, and `_lod5` as suffixes to your mesh names. `_lod0` is the base mesh with the highest resolution geometry, textures, and materials and is assigned to the base mesh group. `_lod1` is assigned to LOD slot **\[0\]**, `_lod2` is assigned to LOD slot **\[1\]**, and so on.

Reviewer 2: Its unclear if we just support up to five LODs. If so we should call that out, or ensure documentation states that its open ended and LODS are ordered from 0 (the highest resoltion) and then should be progressively low resolution to meet game or simulation needs

Reviewer 3: Atom allows up to 10 LODs, but the previous LOD system only had five (to match Cry engine). Junbo's registry settings PR has fixed the 'five LOD limitation'; maybe a cross reference with the Atom O3DE docs?

Author: Just added more content about the maximum number of LODs.

> By default, the scene settings pipeline relies on the soft name settings from [SoftNameSettings.setreg](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/SceneProcessing/Registry/SoftNameSettings.setreg) to identify the LOD meshes. It allows various format of name suffixes including _LOD0, _LOD_0, Lod0, _Lod_0, _lod0, and _lod_0 (upper, lower, CamelCase, etc.). To override those default settings, please use the project user registry (`<project-root>/Registry`) or the global machine registry (1~/.o3de/Registry/) instead of modifying [SoftNameSettings.setreg](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/SceneProcessing/Registry/SoftNameSettings.setreg) directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The scene settings pipeline relies on the soft name settings provided in [SoftNameSettings.setreg](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/SceneProcessing/Registry/SoftNameSettings.setreg) for rules to identify the LOD meshes. It allows various format of name suffixes including _LOD0, _LOD_0, Lod0, _Lod_0, _lod0, and _lod_0 (upper, lower, CamelCase, etc.). 

To override those default settings, please use the project user registry (`<project-root>/Registry`) or the global machine registry (typically found in the users home directory under `.o3de/Registry/`) instead of modifying [SoftNameSettings.setreg](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/Gems/SceneProcessing/Registry/SoftNameSettings.setreg) directly.
```

IMHO this still misses how someone uses setreg to override whats in SoftNameSettings, do you want to provide an example to make it clearer? Should we be linking to setreg documentation for this part as well?
